Safety

Warning: The operator must have read and understood all of the
  instructions in this manual before handling the

  rc_randomdot

   product.

Warning: If operating the

  rc_randomdot

   with

  rc_visard

   product(s), the operator must have read and understood all of the
  safety, installation, and maintenance instructions given in the

  rc_visard

   manual.

Note: The term "operator" refers to anyone responsible for any of
  the following tasks performed in conjunction with

  rc_randomdot

  :

     Installation

     Maintenance

     Inspection

     Calibration

     Programming

     Decommissioning

This manual explains the

rc_randomdot

's various components and general operations regarding the product's
whole life-cycle, from installation through operation to
decommissioning.

The drawings and photos in this documentation are representative
examples; differences may exist between them and the delivered
product.

General warnings

Note: Any use of the

  rc_randomdot

   in noncompliance with these warnings is inappropriate and may cause
  injury or damage as well as void the warranty.

Warning:

  Do not look directly into the projected beam. Do not look at the
  beam with an optical instrument.

  Looking at the sun through the lens might cause damage to the eyes.
  Directing the lens at the sun might start a fire.

  The rc_randomdot is protected according to IP54. High humidity or
  temperature can damage the device. Do not operate in an environment
  where combustible or explosive fumes may occur.

  The rc_randomdot needs to be properly mounted before use.

  The supplied mounting bracket is not suitable to mount the
  rc_randomdot on a robot.

  All cable sets need to be secured to the rc_randomdot and the mount.

  Cables must not be longer than 30 m.

  An appropriate power supply, which conforms to the EN 62368-1
  standard must be used to supply power to the rc_randomdot.

  Check polarity and connections.

  The rc_randomdot's housing must be grounded.

Warning:

  The rc_randomdot's and any related equipment's safety guidelines
  must always be satisfied.

  The rc_randomdot does not fall under the purview of the machinery or
  medical directives.

-[ Risk assessment and final application: The

rc_randomdot

 may be used on a robot together with an

rc_visard

. Robot,

rc_visard

,

rc_randomdot

, and any other equipment used in the final application must be
evaluated with a risk assessment. The system integrator's duty is to
ensure respect for all local safety measures and regulations.
Depending on the application, there may be risks that need additional
protection/safety measures. ]-

Intended use

The

rc_randomdot

 is intended to be used in combination with a Roboception

rc_visard

 to increase the scene density and hence improve the quality of stereo
matching when the natural scene texture is low. The

rc_randomdot

 together with a Roboception

rc_visard

 are intended for installation on a robot, automated machinery, mobile
platform, or stationary equipment. They can also be used for data
acquisition in other applications.

Warning: The

  rc_randomdot

   is

  NOT

   intended for safety critical applications.

The

rc_randomdot

 may be used only within the scope of its technical specification. Any
other use of the product is deemed unintended use. Roboception will
not be liable for any damages resulting from any improper or
unintended use.

Warning: Always comply with local and/or national laws, regulations
  and directives on automation safety and general machine safety.
